DOCS-1422: Change robot to machine pt 2 (#2370)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/build/program/apis/robot.md

### AtAddress

> Create a robot client that is connected to the machine at the provided address.

Author: ```suggestion
Create a RobotClient that is connected to the machine at the provided address.
```

### WithChannel

> Create a machine that is connected to a machine over the given channel.

Reviewer: If we refer to it as robot client in AtAddress we should also use that phrasing here, both methods create RobotClients. Fine w/ referring to it as robot client or machine

Author: Good point.
```suggestion
Create a RobotClient that is connected to a machine over the given channel.
```
